{ecotourism} R package (#1048)
rfordatascience/tidytuesday: data/curated/new_submission/occurrences.md

|variable      |class          |description                           |
|:-------------|:--------------|:-------------------------------------|
|obs_lat       |double         |Latitude of the observation (decimal degrees). |
|obs_lon       |double         |Longitude of the observation (decimal degrees). |
|date          |date           |Observation date (YYYY-MM-DD). |
|time          |character      |Observation time (HH:MM:SS, character). |
|year          |double         |Observation year. |
|month         |double         |Month of the observation. |
|day           |double         |Day of the month. |
|hour          |integer        |Hour of the day (0–23). |
|weekday       |character      |Day of the week. |

> |dayofyear     |double         |Day of the year (1–366). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|year          |integer        |Observation year. |
|month         |integer        |Month of the observation. |
|day           |integer        |Day of the month. |
|hour          |integer        |Hour of the day (0–23). |
|weekday       |character      |Day of the week. |
|dayofyear     |integer        |Day of the year (1–366). |
```
It doesn't *really* matter, but I like to specify whether things should load integer-like in the dictionary. The auto-parser (and readr) don't always nail the difference between double and integer, so I tweak manually as needed.
